As expected of the master
In front of Kunlun treasure mirror
He actually crossed three stairs in one step
Verse 10 is indeed extraordinary
Kunlun treasure mirror is right in front of you
24 knots, a few more steps
Master Xuanyang succeeded
Hahahaha, did you see that, boy?
Even a mirror that can observe the Three Realms
It can also achieve my master's prestige
Although your master is powerful
But it is not enough to be the destined person of Kunlun Treasure Mirror
The 24th step is his limit
One step further
He must have the Kunlun sword
Countermeasure?
Then let you see
How did my master manage the three realms?
Revive the dragon vein
It was actually two masters of Xuanji Yuzhen
I didn't expect it.
The cliff to the sky actually attracted the help of your two elders
Disciple ashamed
Although the two of us are in the realm of immortals
But in front of this Kunlun mirror
But dare not boast about Haikou
I can only do my best to help you reach the sky
Just help you two
The disciple will definitely be able to board the 28th session
Repair Dragon Vein
All Souls Point
Cannon from heaven and earth
Ah!
Master pressing the array
Plus the help of two grandmasters
I knew it would work.
Hahaha, there is a master to help
This Kunlun enchantment
My master will definitely be able to enter
Ah!
Heavenly Order
All for me with a roller sword
Three Realms Shenglong Vein
Take the dragon from the three realms
Great Master Great Master did his best
Will be able to break through this Kunlun Baoqing shortcut
There are two great masters to help
Really tough
But under the slight pressure of the Kunlun Sword
The cliff is about to break down